fix(content): Improve Moving House 1 mission (#10427)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/human missions.txt

				
			label sure
			`	They stop in surprise, then nod briefly. "I'll be at your ship within an hour.`

> 			`	An hour later, you see them approach the <ship> carrying a small suitcase. They've exchanged their formal appearance for a button-down shirt and skirt with their hair loose, hanging down to their shoulders. They walk right up to you and stick out a hand. "Kris Brecht. I use they/them."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	An hour later, you see them approach the <ship> carrying a small suitcase. They've exchanged their formal appearance for a button-down shirt and skirt with their hair loose, hanging down to their shoulders. They walk right up to you and stick out a hand. "Kris Brecht, they/them."`
```

			choice
				`	(Shake their hand.)`
					goto shake
				`	(Just stare.)`

> 			`	You pause at the mention of Kris' pronouns while they stand there with their hand out for a few beats. Then they sigh and take it back. "Will this be a problem?" They gesture to themselves, indicating both the pronouns and the very unorthodox outfit.`

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this is needed, just showing the pronouns feels like enough. Staring at an "unorthodox getup" is reasonable, but not at someone's pronouns.

Reviewer: See Koranir's comment.
```suggestion
			`	You stare at Kris' unorthodox getup while they stand there with their hand out for a few beats. Then they sigh and take it back. "Will this be a problem?" They gesture to themselves.`
```
